Create 'Execution Environments' section of Controller UG. (#515)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-controller-ee-mount-options.adoc

= Execution environment mount options

Rebuilding an {ExecEnvShort} is one way to add certificates, but inheriting certificates from the host provides a more convenient solution. 
For VM-based installs, {ControllerName} automatically mounts the system trust store in the {ExecEnvShort} when jobs run.

Additionally, you may customize {ExecEnvShort} mount options and mount paths in the *Paths to expose to isolated jobs* field of the *Job Settings* page, where it supports podman-style volume mount syntax. 

For more information, see the link:https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-run.1.html#volume-v-source-volume-host-dir-container-dir-options[Podman documentation].

In some cases where the `/etc/ssh/*` files were added to the {ExecEnvShort} image due to customization of an {ExecEnvShort}, an SSH error can occur. 
For example, exposing the `/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d:/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d:O` path enables the container to be mounted, but the ownership permissions are not mapped correctly.

Use the following procedure if you encounter this error, or have upgraded from an older version of {ControllerName}:

.Procedure
. Change the container ownership on the mounted volume to `root`.

> . In the *Paths to expose to isolated jobs* field of the Job Settings page, using the current example, expose the path as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Paths to expose to isolated jobs* field of the Job Settings page, using the current example, expose the path as follows:
```

+
image:settings-paths2expose-iso-jobs.png[Paths]
+
[NOTE]
====
The `:O` option is only supported for directories. 
Be as detailed as possible, especially when specifying system paths. 

> Mounting `/etc` or `/usr` directly have an impact that make it difficult to troubleshoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mounting `/etc` or `/usr` directly has an impact that make it difficult to troubleshoot.
```

====
+
This informs Podman to run a command similar to the following example, where the configuration is mounted and the `ssh` command works as expected.

[literal, options="nowrap" subs="+attributes"]
----
podman run -v /ssh_config:/etc/ssh/ssh_config.d/:O ...
----

To expose isolated paths in OpenShift or Kubernetes containers as HostPath, use the following configuration:

image:settings-paths2expose-iso-jobs-mount-containers.png[Expose isolated jobs]

> Use the *Expose host paths for Container Groups* toggle to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set *Expose host paths for Container Groups* to *On* to enable it.
```
IBM style guide toggle / switch. I think it would be clearer to say toggle, though.
